# IMPORTANT

* This is not ready for public disclosure

* WIP: It can but it's not supposed to work in the current state

* I tend to cut the problems into small pieces, easier to handle. This may seem too much, and sometimes it is.  
  Once it's working, it's easier to see what are the real functional frontiers and how to refactor at best, rejoin modules or not.  
  In the mean time, it makes it easier to work in // on the project, since there are less collisions.
  
* Some things may be overcomplicated, and time will tell what can be simplified.

* Some things are tagged TODO: but can be left over for a Minimal Viable Product.

* FR: means Feature request. They are low prio TODO:

## Prerequisites

- Linux box - Ubuntu is preferred
- python 3.6+ - use pyenv on older linuxes
- `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`

# Run hypernode

- `cd hypernode`
- `python3 hn_instance -v`
- a hn_client util is also provided, see doc or run with -h to get usage. `python3 hn_client.py -h`

## update

- update code
- `pip3 install -r requirements.txt` to make sure new modules are installed
- restart node

## Run tests

- cd tests
- run `pip3 install -r requirements.txt` once 
- `pytest -v`

## Run benchmarks

- cd benchmarks
- run `pip3 install -r requirements.txt` once 
- `pytest -v`

## Doc

- See "autodoc" dir for autogenerated doc
- See "doc" dir for extra doc

## Other directories

- devutils: experiments and old test node, not used, not to be reviewed.
- modules: our custom python modules
- utils: secondary utils to be documented